post-processor/googlecompute-export: Update documentation (#9727)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/docs/post-processors/googlecompute-export.mdx

As such, the authentication credentials that built the image must have write
permissions to the GCS `paths`.

~> **Note**: By default the GCE image being exported will be deleted once the image has been exported.

> To prevent Packer from deleting the image, the `keep_input_artifact` can be set to `true`. See [Input Artifacts](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/post-processors#input-artifacts) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
To prevent Packer from deleting the image set the `keep_input_artifact` configuration option to `true`. See [Post-Processor Input Artifacts](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/post-processors#input-artifacts) for more details.
```
